= Assay RSpec

{Homepage}[http://rubyworks.github.com/assay-rspec] /
{Source Code}[http://github.com/rubyworks/assay-rspec] /
{MailingList}[http://groups.google.com/group/rubyworks-mailinglist]


== DESCRIPTION

Assay RSpec is a compatability layer for using RSpec's matcher
notation with the {Assay}[http://rubyworks.github.com/assay]
assertions framework.

Assay RSpec defines a set of RSpec-compatible matcher methods which
depend on Assay's assertion classes. This allows developers to change
test frameworks without having to change a slew of previously
defined assertions.

Assay defines assertions in the same way that Ruby defines exceptions.
An assertion is nothing more that an extended Exception class.
Assay provides a complete set of these assertion classes for all
common assertion needs. See {Assay}[http://rubyworks.github.com/assay]
project for more information on this foundational library.


== USAGE

Simply require the `assay/rspec` script, and include the `Assay::Matchers`
mixin module into your test framework, whereever it requires it (which may
be as simple as the topleve namespace).

  require 'assay/rspec'

  include Assay::Matchers

Now assertions can be made just as if you were using RSpec.

  10.should be_kind_of(Integer)


== LIMITATIONS

Note that compatibility is not 100%, yet. In particluar, the `#have` matcher,
being a bit complicated, hasn't been implemented. Compatibilty will improve
with future releases. Please feel _obligated_ to submit a patch, if you need
a missing a feature ;)


== INSTALLATION

To install with RubyGems simply open a console and type:

  $ gem install assay-rspec

Site installation with the tarball can be done with Ruby Setup
(gem install setup). See http://rubyworks.github.com/setup.


== COPYRIGHTS

Copyright (c) 2012 Rubyworks

This program is ditributed under the terms of the *BSD-2-Cluase* license.

See LICENSE.rdoc file for details.

